What kind of kiwis are you used to giving your guests?
I can't do this ecstasy soup.
Xiao Er, three more servings of crayfish
Use it slowly, use it slowly, thank you. Thank you.
The shopkeeper is running out of your secret spicy sauce
Got it, you go first
Okay, Ah Shang
During this time, clean all the workshops
Whatever's left must be cleaned up, you know?
Got it, boss. Hmm.
OK
Hey little brother little brother
Come come come
Little brother, this Linyi
How much do you pay a month?
2 taels of silver like this
I'll give you 300 taels.
You sell me that crayfish brand
Can't you do that?
That's illegal.
If Boss Lin reports to the official
I could get caught
Where can't you go with these 300 taels?
I have to stay this week
In this way, I will add 50 more taels to you.
But Boss Lin is very nice to me.
I don't want 400 taels.
Yes
I'm going to see the police station now, no problem
Haha, Li Yi, Li Yi
See what you take to talk to me